Clean up `Menu` (#9280)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Menu/en.md

| :-- | :-- |
| Add Timing Section (`Ctrl` + `P`) | Add red offset (New BPM) |
| Add Inheriting Section (`Ctrl` + `Shift` + `P`) | Add green offset (New adjuster) |

> | Reset Current Section | Reset the BPM setting of the red offset at the start of the section (will not affect other timing settings) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reset Current Section | Reset the BPM setting of the red offset at the start of the section. Saving the beatmap without setting a new BPM will delete the red offset.  |
```
